[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road,
a graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict
and find themselves in
the midst of an all-out war!
[FISHMAN D]
It's leaving! Look!
The Noah's not headed
toward the island anymore!
[FISHMAN C] The princess
is leading it away from us!
It won't crash
into us after all!
Don't let it hit you!
[FISHMAN F]
Swim faster!
If I'm going to
steer the Noah clear of
the bubble, then I have to swim
as far out to sea as I can!
[DECKEN] But one teeny-tiny
little magic word
can spare you this dread fate,
and that's, "Yes!"
Simply utter that one word
and your troubles will be over!
I'm deeply sorry, Sir Decken,
but I simply can't do that!
Why must you refuse to marry me?
Because you're not my type!
[screams]
Then to Hell with you!
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
[DECKEN gasps]
You need to learn
how to treat a lady!
Or anybody, for that matter!
Shirahoshi is our baby sister!
We will never let you
lay a hand on her.
Not ever!
You came to save me!
And Hoe's here
as well! Thank you!
[HOE chirps]
[FUKABOSHI] I also regret being
suspicious of you at first--
[LUFFY]
Eh, it's no big deal.
Let's head to the deck!
[laughs]
Goodness!
If it isn't Hordy Jones!
[laughs]
Say, whatever
happened to Neptune?
Dead maybe?
By the way, I'm using the Noah
to torture Shirahoshi
as we speak!
A genius idea on my part!
Don't you think, Brother?
[laughs]
It's not bad,
but I think I've got
an even better idea.
[laughs]
Do you now? Well, let's hear it!
[DECKEN]
Huh...?
Actually,
it's better if I show you.
--[slashing]
--[DECKEN groans]
[DECKEN rasping]
If you died,
what would become of this ship?
Well, Decken?
[LUFFY]
"The Fierce Fight Begins!
Luffy vs. Hordy!"
[laughs]
[DECKEN groans]
Hordy. You've made
a terrible mistake.
I've just touched
you with my left hand!
You turned your back on me!
As I recall, Decken,
you started this yourself.
You know...
To be honest, I was a bit
nervous when I first saw
the shadow of the Noah
looming over Fishman Island.
But after I thought about it,
breaking the bubble didn't
seem like such a bad idea.
Fishman Island
would be wiped out,
but we'd still have
the Fishman District.
And if you die, here and now,
then your Mark-Mark power
will deactivate. Right?
Then the ship will come
crashing down right onto
that useless kingdom.
[HORDY]
Then, nothing will remain.
What I want most,
right now, is to take care of
all of those meddlesome
Straw Hat Pirates. For good!
True.
I stand to lose--
well, thousands--
but, it'll be easy enough
for me to pick up all
the human slaves
I want later on.
Thousands will die, huh?
I like that.
Why don't we start...
...with you!
[screams]
What are you doing?
Stop it!
[screams]
[DECKEN rasps]
[HORDY chuckles]
Die for New Fishman Island.
We'll be sure to remember you.
[DECKEN rasps]
[HORDY chuckles]
[laughs]
You'll be dead before long.
And then the great ship
Noah will begin its descent,
bringing my wrath upon
this wretched land!
You know, I'm a kind man.
So just for you--
Maybe I should make
your beloved join you in death?
Your time has come, princess!
He stabbed him!
First they're pals, now they're
shakin' each other off?
No time to worry about that now!
Look out! Here he comes!
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI]
We'll stop you, Hordy!
Oh, yeah? Not likely.
[MANBOSHI, RYUBOSHI yell]
[HORDY]
You're not the ones I'm after.
[HOE chirps]
Dear brothers, no!
[MANBOSHI groans]
Run! You have to
get out of here right now!
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
All right.
This'll be easy now
that you've left the safety
of the Hard Shell
Tower, Princess.
[HOE chirps]
[gasps]
[HORDY chuckles]
You're mine!
[screams]
[HORDY laughs]
What a pity.
Your kind are the world's
fastest swimmers.
But with this power, I'm faster.
[SHIRAHOSHI yelps, groans]
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
Help me!
[BOTH]
Shirahoshi!
[LUFFY]
Hordy!
[yells]
[HORDY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Snake Shot!
[yells]
Thank goodness!
I'm so glad you're here!
[MANBOSHI]
Brother!
[RYUBOSHI]
And Straw Hat, too?
That's right. This time
we won't lose so easily.
Geh. Of course.
[WADATSUMI wails]
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, at Fishman
Island's Conchcorde Plaza.
Captain Vander Decken
doesn't like me anymore,
so he left me here to die!
[DECKEN]
Them's the breaks!
You're just one more thing
I have to sacrifice
in my pursuit of Shirahoshi!
[wails]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A grunts]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE BB] Quit
cryin' and fight, you big baby!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE CC] Yeah,
you're the only one big enough
to beat up the Kraken!
I know you can win, Surume!
Come on, kick his butt!
But he's almost
the same size as the Kraken.
So I wonder why he's
so scared to fight him.
Well, I wouldn't want to.
[wails]
[ZEO]
Er, there, there.
Perhaps you didn't
hear correctly.
[WADATSUMI]
Huh...?
[ZEO]
He didn't say "sacrifice."
He said, uh,
"some help would be nice!"
[WADATSUMI]
Huh?
[ZEO] You didn't really think
he would destroy the island
and leave you to
your death, did you?
But... he did say
I was gonna die!
[ZEO] He was just saying
you should fight as though
you were prepared to die.
Really?
[ZEO]
Tell him.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B]
Uh, y-yeah. Totally!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE C] He's
lucky his captain trusts him
with something so
important. That's great!
What a big boy!
Uh, what he means is...
you're strong!
Oh. Now I get it!
[ZEO]
I don't think you do.
Anyway, this is for you!
I want you to take it so
you can help us defeat
those mean old Straw Hats, okay?
That's an Energy Steroid!
Wait a sec.
How's it gonna work
on somebody that big?
[ZEO chuckles]
[WADATSUMI yells]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES] What
the--? It works! Extra well!
[BOTH scream]
[SURUME growls]
[WADATSUMI yells]
[SURUME groans]
[CHOPPER, USOPP]
Surume!
I'm sorry, Captain!
I should've trusted
you all along!
Nice work!
That stupid squid
is history now!
Hey, are you okay there, buddy?
[CHOPPER]
Oh no, he's unconscious!
Time for you two!
[BOTH scream]
[FISHMAN B] He's not even
the same person anymore!
The Captain'll
be so proud of me!
[WADATSUMI yells]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
Who's next?
Uh, I think he said
to kill that guy!
[WADATSUMI]
The blue dude?
Okay!
Jimbei! Behind you!
Fishman Karate!
Seven Thousand Brick.
[WADATSUMI yells]
[JIMBEI]
Roundhouse Kick!
[WADATSUMI]
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
It's just one tiny kick!
What's the big deal?
[WADATSUMI groans]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[NAMI screams]
Nami! There's a lady here!
Keep those butt-shockwaves
to yourself, you creep!
[SANJI]
That's it, pal!
Oh! That hurt! Who just hit me?
[SANJI]
Here's the deal!
If you put so much as a single
scratch on our beautiful
map-goddess, then I'll put
another gap in your teeth!
What?
Why are all his kicks
working so well?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE L]
I don't know if this guy
is crazy strong, or the
giant guy is crazy weak!
[NAMI]
Oh, great.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K]
Hmm?
Now I'm all dirty.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[WADATSUMI groans] It wasn't my
fault--that guy knocked me over.
You want to fight?
Then fight me.
I want a piece of you, too.
You big dumpling!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Okay, but leave us out of it!
[ROBIN]
Mil Fleurs!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[screaming]
Hyouzou, come help us fight!
We need you!
Octopus, please.
Make it snappy, okay?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE N] Does this
place look like a bar to you?
Besides, isn't that
like cannibalism?
[HYOUZOU groans]
Don't be such a drag.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE DD] It's too
late, he's already passed out.
[NURU] Honestly.
What a pathetic display.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE O, P]
Huh?
[NURU]
This is my chance.
If I prove myself, then
I might become an officer
in just one move!
[ZORO]
Hmph.
[NURU]
Nururu. I see.
You're far too crafty to
fall for a surprise attack!
Who the hell are you?
[NURU] I'm the soon-to-be number
one Fishman swordsman.
I am the incomparable Nuru!
[HYOUZOU groans]
Huh?
A hangover?
What should we do?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE EE]
He's freaking out!
Damn. You're far more
skilled than I thought.
[ZORO]
And you're no good at all.
[NURU gasps]
[NURU] You'll change your mind
once you see the light!
--[ZORO grunts]
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
Whoa, I'm blind!
[NURU] Heh. Good luck dodging
my attacks now that
you can't use your eyes!
[NURU]
Farewell!
[NURU growls]
Huh?
No.
[ZORO]
You only see with your eyes?
Some swordsman you are.
Get lost!
[NURU yells]
You just got lucky that time!
I'm destined to be
the number one swordsman,
and I'll cut down anyone
who stands in my way!
[HYOUZOU groans]
Well then, you've got
a long way to go.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE FF]
Not again!
We told you,
we're on your side--
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE Z]
What new level of drunk is this?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE GG]
I dunno but I'm scared!
He's stronger than
usual--get ready!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasping]
[HYOUZOU]
Hmph. Tottering Hash!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[HYOUZOU]
Huh...?
He cut through that like paper!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
I don't get it.
He was writhing in pain,
and then he changed color!
Yeah. I don't get it either.
But that's exactly what happened
to Hordy when he transformed.
At least Hordy had the decency
not to swing swords at us!
[screaming]
[HYOUZOU]
Oh, this feels good.
So much energy.
[HYOUZOU]
Let's see...
Now, who should I butcher next?
Don't be shy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE HH]
What do we do now?
He's not gonna quit slashing
until somebody stops him!
[groaning]
[HYOUZOU]
Aw, come on, who's it gonna be?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[HYOUZOU growls]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
This is just way
too many swords.
[ZORO]
Finally, a worthy opponent.
That last guy was too easy.
Hold on.
You heard me.
I'm calling dibs on him.
We might as well get a warm up
before we go to the New World.
Should be fun.
[HYOUZOU chuckles]
That sucks. Guess it's
not as strong underwater.
Tch. "Not as strong?"
Tough luck.
Look. Give it up already.
We're thousands of meters
underwater, you fool!
You can fight.
But there's no way in hell
you're going to win--
not against a fishman!
See?
Either way, the whole
island is doomed!
That includes
your friends, the princess,
and everyone else down there!
You're just a weakling!
Get it? You can't
protect anyone!
Watch me.
[HORDY]
Hmm?
I'll save 'em all!
I trained for two
years. I'm ready!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hat
Pirates go head to head
with the powerful officers
from Hordy's Crew.
Thanks to their
two years of training,
they hold their
own with a flurry
of new fighting techniques.
However, their struggle
will all be for naught,
if Luffy cannot find a way
to overcome Hordy
and stop the Noah from crushing
Fishman Island.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Massive Confused Fight!
The Straw Hats vs. The New
Fishman Pirates!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!